docs/MessageHook.md, before:

# Message Hook

Message hook api provides more flexible message handling

## Example

```python
from Core.UMRType import UnifiedMessage
from Core.UMRMessageHook import register_hook
@register_hook(src_driver='QQ', src_chat=123123, dst_driver='Telegram', dst_chat=124434)
async def message_hook_func(dst_driver: str, dst_chat: int,
                            message: UnifiedMessage) -> bool:
    """
    Prototype of message hook function with four tuple match
    :param dst_driver: driver name
    :param dst_chat: chat id
    :param message: unified message
    :return: True for block message forwarding, False for call next hook
    """
    pass


@register_hook(src_driver='QQ', src_chat=123123)
async def message_hook_func(message: UnifiedMessage) -> bool:
    """
    Prototype of message hook function with two tuple match
    :param message: unified message
    :return: True for block message forwarding, False for call next hook
    """
    pass
```

#### Args:
 - `src_driver`: str or List[str], the source driver
 - `src_chat`: int or List[int], the source chat id
 - `dst_driver`: str or List[str], the destination driver
 - `dst_chat`: int or List[int], the destination chat id
 
 WHen dst_\* are empty, the function prototype should be:
 
 `async def message_hook_func(message: UnifiedMessage) -> bool:`
 
 Because if dst_\* are specified, the message will be matched on each ForwardAction, 
 that could be multiple matches per forwarded message. 
 If not, it will be matched base on source.

Commit message:

Document update Partially fix Line stability issue Change logic for source/destination from 2-tuple to 3-tuple

docs/MessageHook.md, after:

# Message Hook

Message hook api provides more flexible message handling

## Example

```python
from Core.UMRType import UnifiedMessage
from Core.UMRMessageHook import register_hook
@register_hook(src_driver='QQ', src_chat=123123, dst_driver='Telegram', dst_chat=124434)
async def message_hook_func(dst_driver: str, dst_chat: int,
                            message: UnifiedMessage) -> bool:
    """
    Prototype of message hook function with four tuple match
    :param dst_driver: driver name
    :param dst_chat: chat id
    :param message: unified message
    :return: True for block message forwarding, False for call next hook
    """
    pass


@register_hook(src_driver='QQ', src_chat=123123)
async def message_hook_func(message: UnifiedMessage) -> bool:
    """
    Prototype of message hook function with two tuple match
    :param message: unified message
    :return: True for block message forwarding, False for call next hook
    """
    pass
```

#### Args:
 - `src_driver`: str or List[str], the source driver
 - `src_chat`: int or List[int], the source chat id
 - `src_chat_type`: ChatType or List[ChatType], the source chat type
 - `dst_driver`: str or List[str], the destination driver
 - `dst_chat`: int or List[int], the destination chat id
 - `dst_chat_type`: ChatType or List[ChatType], the destination chat type
 
 WHen dst_\* are empty, the function prototype should be:
 
 `async def message_hook_func(message: UnifiedMessage) -> bool:`
 
 Because if dst_\* are specified, the message will be matched on each ForwardAction, 
 that could be multiple matches per forwarded message. 
 If not, it will be matched base on source.
